Update to-request-access.adoc (#174)
mulesoft/docs-exchange: modules/ROOT/pages/to-request-access.adoc

API providers can view, manage, and revoke these contracts by following the steps in
xref:api-manager::manage-client-apps-latest-task.adoc[Managing API Instance Contracts on API Manager].

> A client application's owners and an API instance owner have permission to request access for that client application.

Reviewer: I wonder about the singular vs. the plural of "owners" here: is it precise that an app has more than one owner and only one instance owner?
```suggestion
Both API instance owners and the owners of a specific client application can request access to that client application. All other users must request access from either of these owners.
```

Reviewer: Regardless, "access for" > "access to" and end the second sentence with a period:

> To request access for a client application created by another user, ask the client application owner or the API instance owner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For access to a client application created by another user, request access from either the client application owner or the API instance owner.
```

> For access to a client application created by another user, request access from either the client application owner or the API instance owner

Reviewer 2: Current draft: For access to a client application created by another user, request access from either the client application owner or the API instance owner to add your user account to the application owners list in Anypoint API Manager.

I don't think this is quite grammatical or clear. My suggestion: For access to a client application created by another user, request that either the client application owner or the API instance owner grant access to you by adding your user account to the application owners list in Anypoint API Manager.

> For access to a client application created by another user, request access from either the client application owner or the API instance owner.

Reviewer: Remove period because sentence continues...probably my mistake. 
```suggestion
For access to a client application created by another user, request access from either the client application owner or the API instance owner
```
